Add required perms and a snippet (#7798)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_bigquery-permissions.md

> BigQuery's permission model differs from conventional databases like Snowflake and Redshift. dbt uer accounts need the following permissions to read from and create tables and <Term id="view">views</Term> in a BigQuery project:

Reviewer: From a partner perspective, one side or the other could have an issue with this part
```suggestion
dbt user accounts need the following permissions to read from and create tables and <Term id="view">views</Term> in a BigQuery project:
```

- BigQuery Data Editor
- BigQuery User

For BigQuery with <Constant name="fusion_engine" />, users also need:
- BigQuery Read Session User (for Storage Read API access)

> For BigQuery DataFrames, users need these additional roles:

Reviewer: We flip flop between roles and permissions in this section - should they both be the same language?
```suggestion
For BigQuery DataFrames, users need these additional permissions:
```
